Add angular interview question (#20)
alibaba-aero/technical-interview: frontend/angular/questions/templates.md

# Templates

- What is a template?
- What is interpolation?
- What are template expressions?
- What are template statements?

- Template reference variable

  - What is a data binding?

>   - How do you select an element with in a component template?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How do you select an element within a component template?
```
